# CS-320-Software-Automation
Mobile Application

Creating the project "Mobile Application" has given me good knowledge about what Software Test Automation is. I have gained many skills with developing fully functional, error free code. I have been able to develop and test enough code throughout the course and over the development of this project so that I feel comfortable and confident about developing a wide variety of functions and tests to ensure my production of high quality programs or software. 

An important take away from the course and what I have learned by creating this project is that the process of developing and testing a program or software begins by understanding the project or user requirements. Before any developing or testing is done, it is crucial that as a developer you need to understand the requirements fully and to design a plan of development with every requirement properly integraded in the process. If a requirment is not met or understood at the beginning of the design process, the whole program can suffer and the consequences can be costly and timely. 
 
When creating a design for a program or software whether it be through the use of pseudocode or some other method, it is important to design correct and secure architexture, data structures and algorithms. The more careful that a software developer is with initially designing and ensuring that the architexture, data structures and algorithms are correct, the easier testing will be. An emphasis shoud also be put on implenting proper security in the design although there wasn't much need for that in this program because there isn't any actual data being input. 
